Gordon Kabultompp - also known as 0-Migo - is the enigmatic individual claiming to come from a place known as the Elsewhere who seeks out enlightened travellers. 0-Migo first appeared on June 17th, 2020 where they visited KGB Discord servers before leaving seconds later. Some people grabbed hold of their discord name and could message them privately. Gordon asked about the state of “enlightenment” and their traveller number. 

Gordon was given the name Migo as a reference to H.P. Lovecraft’s alien species “Mi-go”. Gordon’s profile picture is Ryan Gosling from the movie Drive. The term “drive” is also used as a backdrop for the music track for the KGB video Integrity where the track is labeled Drive on SoundCloud and uses a similar colour pallet.
Gordon Kabultompp is an anagram for KomplotGroupBand. 0-Migo also uses the iconic “end of line” phrase seen in the KGB puzzles and used by KGB members such as Omega and Xi in the Tavern, suggesting Gordon may be affiliated with the organization. 
The only known individual to communicate with Gordon is ∞- Infinity. Gordon’s claims have yet to be validated. Despite this there are passages that suggest Gordon or the Elsewhere at large knows of things that have occurred, will occur, and could occur. It is possible Gordon plays the role of the “pilgrim” as prophesied by the Nine Paths video. Gordon thus, can be seen as a guide or sorts for travellers. 
————— 
Gordon, along with the concept of the Elsewhere got memed heavily. In that conversation, Gordon stated they were from elsewhere. After discussing the conversation topics over in the community server, a post was made to r/KomplotGroupBand showing the picture of the nine paths overlaid. This was the same picture seen in Midnight Travels later on and on the Omega gate found using the integer string in the description of Omega is One of Them. The post on reddit stated the overlaying of the nine paths was the Elsewhere. It was never confirmed if Gordon made the post. Whether Gordon was a troll or not was often discussed. 
————— 
They conversed a number of times with individuals in private. Nothing aside from conspiracy and trolling can be derived from Migo’s writing, however they did provide ∞- Infinity with a music track called post.mp3.


